Update EIP-7906: Add POST_TX enforcement to security considerations (#12020)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7906.md

The `POST_TX` frame mode requirement strengthens, but does not replace, this guarantee: it ensures a triggered assertion cleanly and unconditionally invalidates the entire transaction, including any gas payment already approved by an earlier frame, and that this cannot be partially bypassed via atomic-batch flags or frames ordered after the assertion. It does not, by itself, make any individual assertion more restrictive or correct.

### Enforcing `POST_TX` Frame Inclusion

> While `POST_TX` frames dictate how assertions are executed, there is no explicit protocol-level requirement that a transaction *must* include a `POST_TX` frame. Smart accounts aiming to enforce a permanent on-chain policy must explicitly configure their validation logic (e.g., inside their `VERIFY` frame) to require the presence of their specific `POST_TX` frame.

Author: ```suggestion
While `POST_TX` frames dictate how assertions are executed, there is no explicit protocol-level requirement that a transaction *must* include a `POST_TX` frame. Smart accounts aiming to use `POST_TX` frames must explicitly configure their `VERIFY` frame's validation logic to strictly require the presence of their specific `POST_TX` frame in every transaction they approve without any mechanist that could allow circumventing this requirement.
```

> Because a transaction can contain multiple `POST_TX` frames for different participants, and they are guaranteed to form a contiguous suffix at the end of the transaction, the smart account can iterate backwards to locate its required assertion frame. 

Author: ```suggestion
Because a transaction can contain multiple `POST_TX` frames, and they are guaranteed to form a contiguous suffix at the end of the transaction, the smart account can iterate backwards to locate its required assertion frame. 
```

> It is critical that the expected target of this frame (`this.postTxEnforcer`) is an immutable, non-upgradeable contract. If the assertion contract is upgradeable, a malicious transaction could potentially upgrade it during execution to bypass the security checks. Because the `VERIFY` frame executes *before* any state changes are made, checking the target during validation guarantees the transaction will be evaluated against the intended immutable policy.

Author: ```suggestion
It is critical that the expected target of all `POST_TX` frames is an immutable, non-upgradeable contract. If the assertion contract were upgradeable, a malicious transaction could potentially upgrade it during execution to bypass the security checks. Only as long as the `VERIFY` frame executes *before* any state changes are made, checking the POST_TX` frame target during validation guarantees the transaction will be evaluated against the intended immutable policy.
```

> Assuming future high-level language support for inspecting EIP-8141 frames (e.g., a `tx.frames` array), this can be enforced as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
This can be enforced as follows in Solidity (pseudocode):
```
